Our ticket service is now mostly complete.
We put together the implementation, we got some tests and we've also done some manual testing with
Postman.
So what are we going to work on next?
Well, I think there's a couple of different options available to us.
In total, we're going to go over three possible options on what we could work on right now and then
eventually make a decision.
So option number one, I think we could definitely go over to our next client application and start
to add in some ticket related stuff, such as the ability to view tickets, create them, edit them
and so on.
That could definitely be done.
Another option would be to start to create our orders service.
As a quick reminder, one of the services inside of our project is the order service.
And this thing is going to hold all the information related to a user attempting to purchase a very
particular ticket.
Well, that's definitely another option as well.
The order service is going to add a very base level, going to be somewhat similar in nature to the
ticket service where we're going to be creating updating records, viewing records, stuff like that.
So fairly similar in nature.
And then finally, our last option, we could start to add in some code for handling events.
So in other words, implement the event bus and we could wire it up to the ticket service and get a
better idea of how that thing works.
So which one are we going to go with?
Well, you could probably guess by the title of this section.
We're going to go with option number three.
We're going to start to add in this event bus.
We're going to get a better understanding of how it works and so on.
The reason for this is that understanding some limitations or some properties of our event bus is going
to be absolutely tremendous in understanding how the order service and our ticket service are going
to work together.
So if we take care of this stuff right now, even though we are not going to be really emitting any
events to any other services inside of our app from the ticket service just yet, because we don't have
any other services that care about these events, it's still going to be really important to understand
how the event bus behaves because it's going to really have a big impact on how we build that order
service.
So the event bus in general, just a quick reminder, we're going to implement it with something called
the Nats streaming server.
We had previously on our last application that way smaller application than we started the course with
we had built out our event bus from scratch and that was that very simple express application.
So in the coming videos, we're going to forget.
The service tickets.
All that stuff 100%.
Just ignore it.
And we're going to have a 100% focus on the Nats streaming server, our event bus, and we're going
to get a much better understanding of how it works.
In particular, we're going to draw some parallels and differences compared to the custom very simple
event bus we put together earlier, just to help you understand how this thing really behaves.
So with that in mind, a quick pause right here.
Let's start to work with this Nat streaming server event bus thing in the next video.